.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.TH "E9AFL" 1 "2021-06-02" "" "e9afl"
.SH NAME
\fBe9afl\fR \- binary American Fuzzy Lop (AFL) instrumentation
.SH SYNOPSIS
e9afl [\fB--counter=\fR{classic|neverzero|saturated}]
      [\fB-Oblock=\fR{never|default|always}]
      [\fB-Oselect=\fR{never|default|always}]
      [\fB-d\fR|\fB--debug\fR]
      [\fB-o=\fRoutput]
      [\fB--help\fR]
      binary
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBe9afl\fR is a tool for automatically inserting American Fuzzy Lop
(AFL) instrumentation into existing Linux x86_64 ELF binaries.
This allows you to fuzz binaries without having to recompile the program from
source.
.PP
For example, suppose that you wish to fuzz the \fBreadelf\fR program from
binutils.
Then we can use \fBe9afl\fR tool to automatically instrument the existing
\fBreadelf\fR without recompilation:
.Sp
.Vb 1
\&        e9afl readelf
.Ve
.Sp
This will generate a modified \fBreadelf.afl\fR binary that can
be fuzzed using \fBafl-fuzz\fR in the normal way:
.Sp
.Vb 1
\&        afl\-fuzz \-i input/ \-o output/ \-\- ./readelf.afl \-a @@
.Ve
.Sp
\fBe9afl\fR is built on top of the \fBe9tool\fR/\fBe9patch\fR static binary
rewriting system.
As such, \fBe9afl\fR should work on most ELF binaries that can be disassembled
by \fBe9tool\fR.
See the documentation for \fBe9tool\fR for more information.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB--counter=\fR{classic|neverzero|saturated}
Controls the hitcount overflow mitigation strategy.
Here, \fBclassic\fR means no mitigation (classic AFL),
\fBneverzero\fR means that hitcounts overflow to 1 not 0, and
\fBsaturated\fR means that hitcounts never overflow and are clamped to the max
possible value (255).
Both \fBneverzero\fR and \fBsaturated\fR may reduce fuzzing speed
but achieve better coverage.
The default strategy is \fBclassic\fR.
.TP
\fB-Oblock=\fR{never|default|always}
Controls the application of the "bad block" optimization.
Path coverage may be reduced for \fBalways\fR and fuzzing speed may be
reduced for \fBnever\fR.
.TP
\fB-Oselect=\fR{never|default|always}
Controls the application of the "instruction selection" optimization.
Fuzzing speed may be reduced for \fBnever\fR.
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--debug\fR
Print \fBe9afl\fR debugging information to \fBstderr\fR.
.TP
\fB-o=\fRoutput
Use \fBoutput\fR as the output binary name.
By default, \fBe9afl\fR uses the basename of the input binary appended with
the string \fB".afl"\fR.
.TP
\fB--help\fR
Display the help message and exit.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fIafl-fuzz\fR(1)
.SH AUTHOR
\fBe9afl\fR is written by Gregory J. Duck <gregory@comp.nus.edu.sg>.

